the sabesp is treated with respect
d
Balloon viewer connected on soccer network life all ready for the
women's football this morning
Saturday at the village school club stadium now deserves even is a
field
in the guarani village school that is in the capital of são paulo capital
the referee has already whistled and the game has already started and I will be following
live on the net screen life there must be an equestrian troll of the city são paulo and
Sao Jose is a sport club in São José dos Campos
first place of trot solo group
delon appealed to the team in the field with the number the renatinho 2 poliana three
flavia 4 x 2 5 cm six mari seven camila nobre
eight presided over the movelsul ten mass trucks heard the coach marcio de
olive tree having his bank number 12 fernanda 13 cuban fourteen derna baiana
fifteen thousand sixteen present 17 in year 18 fabiana loirão
Look there, tried from outside the goal
the defense of renatinha
in the finish and from which
go away tried
he almost surprises the goalkeeper Renatinha
and had to stretch and make good defense
football steal and life pointed as point of you accompany live here
women's football
for fragoso but the ball will pass
the spot just coming out of the bottom line
a good arrival from são josé
The rain did not have a lost ball on the hour.
dripping footprint defender waiting now I left I do not go out with the uhs and colder
right foot put the ball
get out
giuliani to collect
lively on the beach alê diverted the ball pass very close to the goal
a charge to the middle side to good end up diverting
You can put that ball out.
andrade olympic center of berlin
his chance
he hit the ball straight past the goal
on collection
the load came
the chance to stop the sousa team sports club
of visitor
ball to the area good defense in the left over
the wing of são josé sport club take the first zero of the score
bill collection
ball raised defense area
if it comes
I spoke now
the right-back alisson and waiting for a smashed ball was what happened
and first caught right up and put ads go now there was
been clean has nothing and dreams and I have a
ends the game ended the first time here in São Paulo where center
lincon loses to são josé by the result d a zero
whistle the referee now yes start the second half
this collection good collection of corner or hp quoted block that the tv
each leader
a snowball
chris hill
fast and therefore free
also made the defense there hassan al
the staff of são josé sport club has to be charged
not only by the ball in the second exploded in the barrier returned to sexual gas oil
like this
the social side
the new sport club
in the second goal h of Bahrain came here in 38 minutes
hard on the second half a free kick that exploded in the barrier the name
her camilla in Brazil number seven months of last year in the head foot
right and ball is not something new doing goal background
are players coming down from the zero vehicle
watching the game live
in the city of botucatu that also has women's football
look the turn of the renata now leaves the prona of the right completed for the goal
was well behind the scenes after
do são josé sport club that is winning by 2 to 0 and took this score
and made 1 to 0 then 2 to 0 in the second time
both the ball straight to adoption that ball hard to see -
this type of campaign that is smaller nor the synthetic lawn
Then you can buy this midfield red straight for goal
this is the charge alias the fla village of the angels to sweden where it faces the saint
Joseph
olavo bilac and leaving a big hug
to live and always the collaborator reached the river
Great goal stayed there only now I am
with the settlement d accounts or back home in the same neighborhood and that is there
michael wax
which paulo is an embassy wind solar energy if the 5th place
my way out
for garcia
in são josé of the fields joão marcelo
The game is alive and you?
it does not stop
accompanying these arrival of são josé sport club
Fernando silva Fabiana Loirão
managed to make the domain returned the ball in front
to get to the end you can finish the pro-cup that has passed
the chaser
arrives at the new Olympic medical center also shooting
where Olympic center finalizes the ball hits the dash and back
bolt still on the side and center linux has fernandinha fernandinho is over
losing the possession of the ball in the first one or when it returned
could not make the play
or to play now at the Olympic Village Center has proven him to be looked at on the dash and
came back
the game ends the game
here in são paulo in the village school guarani school and the game was once for the team
from são josé
for the abc team went there for coverage
arriving in nigeria here
as one more little ant of this team
I saw today everything was different
for sure
in the children at that time the county councils
we know of the quality of the opposing team
we know that every action and field we are accustomed to in the house of
Paulo
now prepare us for no show
It's going to be a hard game.
when the highly qualified teams report this against hunger more
Difficult than it was today
then I do not know if you want - psb does not have as their thesis the match